README.md, before:

# Concourse-Local
Automate the installation and basic setup of concourse-ci and the fly
executable under macOS, including unsigned app support for Big Sur.

## Copyright and Licensing

### Copyright Notice

The copyright for the software, documentation, and associated files are
held by the author.

    Copyright © 2020, 2021 Todd A. Jacobs
    All rights reserved.

The AUTHORS file is also included in the source tree.

### Software License

![GPLv3 Logo](http://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-88x31.png)

The software is licensed under the
[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html). The software's LICENSE
file is included in the source tree.

### README License

![Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0
Logo](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)

This README is licensed under the [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). The
README's license file is included in the source tree.

## Purpose

The installer simplifies installation of
[Concourse-CI](https://concourse-ci.org/) and its *fly* CLI under macOS,
with support for the CLI's unsigned app, which (IIRC) the Pivotal
maintainers say they have no intention of addressing. 😢

## Prerequisites
These are required before running the installation script.

1. [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
1. [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

## Dependencies
These dependencies are installed via the installation script, provided
the prerequisites have been met.

1. [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
1. [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) (NB: This may be optional,
   but Docker Desktop seems happier when it's installed.)
1. [GNU Wget](https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/)

## Installation and Setup

    git clone https://github.com/todd-a-jacobs/concourse-local.git
    cd concourse-local
    ./install.sh

## Usage

    open http://localhost:8080

----

[Project Home Page](https://github.com/todd-a-jacobs/concourse-local)

Commit message:

add caveats section to readme

README.md, after:

# Concourse-Local
Automate the installation and basic setup of concourse-ci and the fly
executable under macOS, including unsigned app support for Big Sur.

## Copyright and Licensing

### Copyright Notice

The copyright for the software, documentation, and associated files are
held by the author.

    Copyright © 2020, 2021 Todd A. Jacobs
    All rights reserved.

The AUTHORS file is also included in the source tree.

### Software License

![GPLv3 Logo](http://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-88x31.png)

The software is licensed under the
[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html). The software's LICENSE
file is included in the source tree.

### README License

![Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0
Logo](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)

This README is licensed under the [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). The
README's license file is included in the source tree.

## Purpose

The installer simplifies installation of
[Concourse-CI](https://concourse-ci.org/) and its *fly* CLI under macOS,
with support for the CLI's unsigned app, which (IIRC) the Pivotal
maintainers say they have no intention of addressing. 😢

## Prerequisites
These are required before running the installation script.

1. [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
1. [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

## Dependencies
These dependencies are installed via the installation script, provided
the prerequisites have been met.

1. [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
1. [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) (NB: This may be optional,
   but Docker Desktop seems happier when it's installed.)
1. [GNU Wget](https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/)

## Installation and Setup

    git clone https://github.com/todd-a-jacobs/concourse-local.git
    cd concourse-local
    ./install.sh

## Usage

    open http://localhost:8080

## Caveats
1. Installation *may* require sudo privileges in certain configurations.
1. Installation of virtualization extensions may require a reboot.
1. Despite waiting for an open port plus a short pause, on slow machines
   the browser may still launch before the Concourse web service is
   fully ready. Just refresh the browser page.
1. Docker may prompt the user for permission to access docker-compose
   files in ~/Documents on Big Sur and Catalina.

----

[Project Home Page](https://github.com/todd-a-jacobs/concourse-local)
